README.md, before:

# Notion SDK for JavaScript

<img alt="Notion Logo" src="https://www.notion.so/images/notion-logo-block-main.svg" width="70" />

**A simple and easy to use client for the [Notion API](https://developers.notion.com).**

![Build status](https://github.com/makenotion/notion-sdk-js/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40notionhq%2Fclient.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@notionhq/client)

## Installation

```bash
npm install @notionhq/client
```

## Usage

> [!NOTE]
> Use Notion's [Getting Started Guide](https://developers.notion.com/docs/getting-started) to get set up to use Notion's API.

Import and initialize a client using an **integration token** or an OAuth **access token**.

```js
const { Client } = require("@notionhq/client")

// Initializing a client
const notion = new Client({
  auth: process.env.NOTION_TOKEN,
})
```

Make a request to any Notion API endpoint.

```js
;(async () => {
  const listUsersResponse = await notion.users.list({})
})()
```

> [!NOTE]
> See the complete list of endpoints in the [API reference](https://developers.notion.com/reference).

Each method returns a `Promise` that resolves the response.

```js
console.log(listUsersResponse)
```

```ts
{
  results: [
    {
      object: "user",
      id: "d40e767c-d7af-4b18-a86d-55c61f1e39a4",
      type: "person",
      person: {
        email: "avo@example.org",
      },
      name: "Avocado Lovelace",
      avatar_url:
        "https://secure.notion-static.com/e6a352a8-8381-44d0-a1dc-9ed80e62b53d.jpg",
    },
    // ...
  ]
}
```

Endpoint parameters are grouped into a single object. You don't need to remember which parameters go in the path, query, or body.

```js
const myPage = await notion.dataSources.query({
  data_source_id: "897e5a76-ae52-4b48-9fdf-e71f5945d1af",
  filter: {
    property: "Landmark",
    rich_text: {
      contains: "Bridge",
    },
  },
})
```

### Handling errors

If the API returns an unsuccessful response, the returned `Promise` rejects with a `APIResponseError`.

The error contains properties from the response, and the most helpful is `code`. You can compare `code` to the values in the `APIErrorCode` object to avoid misspelling error codes.

```js
const { Client, APIErrorCode } = require("@notionhq/client")

try {
  const notion = new Client({ auth: process.env.NOTION_TOKEN })
  const myPage = await notion.dataSources.query({
    data_source_id: dataSourceId,
    filter: {
      property: "Landmark",
      rich_text: {
        contains: "Bridge",
      },
    },
  })
} catch (error) {
  if (error.code === APIErrorCode.ObjectNotFound) {
    //
    // For example: handle by asking the user to select a different data source
    //
  } else {
    // Other error handling code
    console.error(error)
  }
}
```

### Logging

The client emits useful information to a logger. By default, it only emits warnings and errors.

If you're debugging an application, and would like the client to log response bodies, set the `logLevel` option to `LogLevel.DEBUG`.

```js
const { Client, LogLevel } = require("@notionhq/client")

const notion = new Client({
  auth: process.env.NOTION_TOKEN,
  logLevel: LogLevel.DEBUG,
})
```

You may also set a custom `logger` to emit logs to a destination other than `stdout`. A custom logger is a function which is called with 3 parameters: `logLevel`, `message`, and `extraInfo`. The custom logger should not return a value.

### Client options

The `Client` supports the following options on initialization. These options are all keys in the single constructor parameter.

| Option      | Default value              | Type         | Description                                                                                                                                                  |
| ----------- | -------------------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `auth`      | `undefined`                | `string`     | Bearer token for authentication. If left undefined, the `auth` parameter should be set on each request.                                                      |
| `logLevel`  | `LogLevel.WARN`            | `LogLevel`   | Verbosity of logs the instance will produce. By default, logs are written to `stdout`.                                                                       |
| `timeoutMs` | `60_000`                   | `number`     | Number of milliseconds to wait before emitting a `RequestTimeoutError`                                                                                       |
| `baseUrl`   | `"https://api.notion.com"` | `string`     | The root URL for sending API requests. This can be changed to test with a mock server.                                                                       |
| `logger`    | Log to console             | `Logger`     | A custom logging function. This function is only called when the client emits a log that is equal or greater severity than `logLevel`.                       |
| `agent`     | Default node agent         | `http.Agent` | Used to control creation of TCP sockets. A common use is to proxy requests with [`https-proxy-agent`](https://github.com/TooTallNate/node-https-proxy-agent) |

### TypeScript

This package contains type definitions for all request parameters and responses,
as well as some useful sub-objects from those entities.

Because errors in TypeScript start with type `any` or `unknown`, you should use
the `isNotionClientError` type guard to handle them in a type-safe way. Each
`NotionClientError` type is uniquely identified by its `error.code`. Codes in
the `APIErrorCode` enum are returned from the server. Codes in the
`ClientErrorCode` enum are produced on the client.

```ts
try {
  const response = await notion.dataSources.query({
    /* ... */
  })
} catch (error: unknown) {
  if (isNotionClientError(error)) {
    // error is now strongly typed to NotionClientError
    switch (error.code) {
      case ClientErrorCode.RequestTimeout:
        // ...
        break
      case APIErrorCode.ObjectNotFound:
        // ...
        break
      case APIErrorCode.Unauthorized:
        // ...
        break
      // ...
      default:
        // you could even take advantage of exhaustiveness checking
        assertNever(error.code)
    }
  }
}
```

#### Type guards

There are several [type guards](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/advanced-types.html#type-guards-and-differentiating-types)
provided to distinguish between full and partial API responses.

| Type guard function      | Purpose                                                                                  |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `isFullPage`             | Determine whether an object is a full `PageObjectResponse`                               |
| `isFullBlock`            | Determine whether an object is a full `BlockObjectResponse`                              |
| `isFullDataSource`       | Determine whether an object is a full `DataSourceObjectResponse`                         |
| `isFullPageOrDataSource` | Determine whether an object is a full `PageObjectResponse` or `DataSourceObjectResponse` |
| `isFullUser`             | Determine whether an object is a full `UserObjectResponse`                               |
| `isFullComment`          | Determine whether an object is a full `CommentObjectResponse`                            |

Here is an example of using a type guard:

```typescript
const fullOrPartialPages = await notion.dataSources.query({
  data_source_id: "897e5a76-ae52-4b48-9fdf-e71f5945d1af",
})
for (const page of fullOrPartialPages.results) {
  if (!isFullPageOrDataSource(page)) {
    continue
  }
  // The page variable has been narrowed from
  //      PageObjectResponse | PartialPageObjectResponse | DataSourceObjectResponse | PartialDataSourceObjectResponse
  // to
  //      PageObjectResponse | DataSourceObjectResponse.
  console.log("Created at:", page.created_time)
}
```

### Utility functions

This package also exports a few utility functions that are helpful for dealing with
any of our paginated APIs.

#### `iteratePaginatedAPI(listFn, firstPageArgs)`

This utility turns any paginated API into an async iterator.

**Parameters:**

- `listFn`: Any function on the Notion client that represents a paginated API (i.e. accepts
  `start_cursor`.) Example: `notion.blocks.children.list`.
- `firstPageArgs`: Arguments that should be passed to the API on the first and subsequent calls
  to the API, for example a `block_id`.

**Returns:**

An [async iterator](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols#the_async_iterator_and_async_iterable_protocols)
over results from the API.

**Example:**

```javascript
for await (const block of iteratePaginatedAPI(notion.blocks.children.list, {
  block_id: parentBlockId,
})) {
  // Do something with block.
}
```

#### `collectPaginatedAPI(listFn, firstPageArgs)`

This utility accepts the same arguments as `iteratePaginatedAPI`, but collects
the results into an in-memory array.

Before using this utility, check that the data you are dealing with is
small enough to fit in memory.

**Parameters:**

- `listFn`: Any function on the Notion client that represents a paginated API (i.e. accepts
  `start_cursor`.) Example: `notion.blocks.children.list`.
- `firstPageArgs`: Arguments that should be passed to the API on the first and subsequent calls
  to the API, for example a `block_id`.

**Returns:**

An array with results from the API.

**Example:**

```javascript
const blocks = await collectPaginatedAPI(notion.blocks.children.list, {
  block_id: parentBlockId,
})
// Do something with blocks.
```

### Custom requests

To make requests directly to a Notion API endpoint instead of using the pre-built families of methods, call the `request()` method. For example:

```ts
// POST /v1/comments
const response = await notion.request({
  path: "comments",
  method: "post",
  body: {
    parent: { page_id: "5c6a28216bb14a7eb6e1c50111515c3d" },
    rich_text: [{ text: { content: "Hello, world!" } }],
  },
  // No `query` params in this example, only `body`.
})

console.log(JSON.stringify(response, null, 2))
```

The `notion.request<ResponseBody>({...})` method is generic; `ResponseBody` represents the expected type of response object Notion returns for the endpoint you're calling (we don't validate this at runtime; you can pass anything!)

> [!TIP]
> Usually, making custom requests with `notion.request()` isn't necessary, but can be helpful in some cases, e.g. when upgrading your [Notion API version](https://developers.notion.com/reference/versioning) incrementally before upgrading your SDK version. For example, if there's a new or renamed endpoint in the new API version that isn't yet available to call via a dedicated method on `Client`.
>
> In the above example, the simpler approach is to use `await notion.comments.create()`.

Another customization you can make is to pass your own `fetch` function to the `Client` constructor. This might be helpful for some execution environments where the default, built-in `fetch` isn't suitable.

## Examples

This repository includes several example projects in the `examples/` directory. To install dependencies for all examples at once, run from the root directory:

```bash
npm run examples:install
# or
npm run install:examples
```

## Requirements and compatibility

This package supports the following minimum versions:

- Runtime: `node >= 18`
- Type definitions (optional): `typescript >= 5.9`

Earlier versions may still work, but we encourage people building new applications to upgrade to the current stable.

In some cases, due to backwards-incompatible changes across [Notion API versions](https://developers.notion.com/reference/versioning), more recent versions of this SDK don't work well with older API versions:

| Version of JS/TS SDK | Minimum recommended API version |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| v4.0.0 and above     | 2022-06-28                      |
| v5.0.0 and above     | 2025-09-03                      |

In these cases, we recommend upgrading your Notion API version header using the `Client()` constructor across all of your requests before upgrading to a newer version of the SDK.

## Getting help

If you want to submit a feature request for Notion's API, or are experiencing any issues with the API platform, please email us at `developers@makenotion.com`.

To report issues with the SDK, it is possible to [submit an issue](https://github.com/makenotion/notion-sdk-js/issues) to this repo. However, we don't monitor these issues very closely. We recommend you reach out to us at `developers@makenotion.com` instead.

Commit message:

Remove examples in favor of notion-cookbook

README.md, after:

# Notion SDK for JavaScript

<img alt="Notion Logo" src="https://www.notion.so/images/notion-logo-block-main.svg" width="70" />

**A simple and easy to use client for the [Notion API](https://developers.notion.com).**

![Build status](https://github.com/makenotion/notion-sdk-js/actions/workflows/ci.yml/badge.svg)
[![npm version](https://badge.fury.io/js/%40notionhq%2Fclient.svg)](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@notionhq/client)

## Installation

```bash
npm install @notionhq/client
```

## Usage

> [!NOTE]
> Use Notion's [Getting Started Guide](https://developers.notion.com/docs/getting-started) to get set up to use Notion's API.

Import and initialize a client using an **integration token** or an OAuth **access token**.

```js
const { Client } = require("@notionhq/client")

// Initializing a client
const notion = new Client({
  auth: process.env.NOTION_TOKEN,
})
```

Make a request to any Notion API endpoint.

```js
;(async () => {
  const listUsersResponse = await notion.users.list({})
})()
```

> [!NOTE]
> See the complete list of endpoints in the [API reference](https://developers.notion.com/reference).

Each method returns a `Promise` that resolves the response.

```js
console.log(listUsersResponse)
```

```ts
{
  results: [
    {
      object: "user",
      id: "d40e767c-d7af-4b18-a86d-55c61f1e39a4",
      type: "person",
      person: {
        email: "avo@example.org",
      },
      name: "Avocado Lovelace",
      avatar_url:
        "https://secure.notion-static.com/e6a352a8-8381-44d0-a1dc-9ed80e62b53d.jpg",
    },
    // ...
  ]
}
```

Endpoint parameters are grouped into a single object. You don't need to remember which parameters go in the path, query, or body.

```js
const myPage = await notion.dataSources.query({
  data_source_id: "897e5a76-ae52-4b48-9fdf-e71f5945d1af",
  filter: {
    property: "Landmark",
    rich_text: {
      contains: "Bridge",
    },
  },
})
```

### Handling errors

If the API returns an unsuccessful response, the returned `Promise` rejects with a `APIResponseError`.

The error contains properties from the response, and the most helpful is `code`. You can compare `code` to the values in the `APIErrorCode` object to avoid misspelling error codes.

```js
const { Client, APIErrorCode } = require("@notionhq/client")

try {
  const notion = new Client({ auth: process.env.NOTION_TOKEN })
  const myPage = await notion.dataSources.query({
    data_source_id: dataSourceId,
    filter: {
      property: "Landmark",
      rich_text: {
        contains: "Bridge",
      },
    },
  })
} catch (error) {
  if (error.code === APIErrorCode.ObjectNotFound) {
    //
    // For example: handle by asking the user to select a different data source
    //
  } else {
    // Other error handling code
    console.error(error)
  }
}
```

### Logging

The client emits useful information to a logger. By default, it only emits warnings and errors.

If you're debugging an application, and would like the client to log response bodies, set the `logLevel` option to `LogLevel.DEBUG`.

```js
const { Client, LogLevel } = require("@notionhq/client")

const notion = new Client({
  auth: process.env.NOTION_TOKEN,
  logLevel: LogLevel.DEBUG,
})
```

You may also set a custom `logger` to emit logs to a destination other than `stdout`. A custom logger is a function which is called with 3 parameters: `logLevel`, `message`, and `extraInfo`. The custom logger should not return a value.

### Client options

The `Client` supports the following options on initialization. These options are all keys in the single constructor parameter.

| Option      | Default value              | Type         | Description                                                                                                                                                  |
| ----------- | -------------------------- | ------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| `auth`      | `undefined`                | `string`     | Bearer token for authentication. If left undefined, the `auth` parameter should be set on each request.                                                      |
| `logLevel`  | `LogLevel.WARN`            | `LogLevel`   | Verbosity of logs the instance will produce. By default, logs are written to `stdout`.                                                                       |
| `timeoutMs` | `60_000`                   | `number`     | Number of milliseconds to wait before emitting a `RequestTimeoutError`                                                                                       |
| `baseUrl`   | `"https://api.notion.com"` | `string`     | The root URL for sending API requests. This can be changed to test with a mock server.                                                                       |
| `logger`    | Log to console             | `Logger`     | A custom logging function. This function is only called when the client emits a log that is equal or greater severity than `logLevel`.                       |
| `agent`     | Default node agent         | `http.Agent` | Used to control creation of TCP sockets. A common use is to proxy requests with [`https-proxy-agent`](https://github.com/TooTallNate/node-https-proxy-agent) |

### TypeScript

This package contains type definitions for all request parameters and responses,
as well as some useful sub-objects from those entities.

Because errors in TypeScript start with type `any` or `unknown`, you should use
the `isNotionClientError` type guard to handle them in a type-safe way. Each
`NotionClientError` type is uniquely identified by its `error.code`. Codes in
the `APIErrorCode` enum are returned from the server. Codes in the
`ClientErrorCode` enum are produced on the client.

```ts
try {
  const response = await notion.dataSources.query({
    /* ... */
  })
} catch (error: unknown) {
  if (isNotionClientError(error)) {
    // error is now strongly typed to NotionClientError
    switch (error.code) {
      case ClientErrorCode.RequestTimeout:
        // ...
        break
      case APIErrorCode.ObjectNotFound:
        // ...
        break
      case APIErrorCode.Unauthorized:
        // ...
        break
      // ...
      default:
        // you could even take advantage of exhaustiveness checking
        assertNever(error.code)
    }
  }
}
```

#### Type guards

There are several [type guards](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/advanced-types.html#type-guards-and-differentiating-types)
provided to distinguish between full and partial API responses.

| Type guard function      | Purpose                                                                                  |
| ------------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `isFullPage`             | Determine whether an object is a full `PageObjectResponse`                               |
| `isFullBlock`            | Determine whether an object is a full `BlockObjectResponse`                              |
| `isFullDataSource`       | Determine whether an object is a full `DataSourceObjectResponse`                         |
| `isFullPageOrDataSource` | Determine whether an object is a full `PageObjectResponse` or `DataSourceObjectResponse` |
| `isFullUser`             | Determine whether an object is a full `UserObjectResponse`                               |
| `isFullComment`          | Determine whether an object is a full `CommentObjectResponse`                            |

Here is an example of using a type guard:

```typescript
const fullOrPartialPages = await notion.dataSources.query({
  data_source_id: "897e5a76-ae52-4b48-9fdf-e71f5945d1af",
})
for (const page of fullOrPartialPages.results) {
  if (!isFullPageOrDataSource(page)) {
    continue
  }
  // The page variable has been narrowed from
  //      PageObjectResponse | PartialPageObjectResponse | DataSourceObjectResponse | PartialDataSourceObjectResponse
  // to
  //      PageObjectResponse | DataSourceObjectResponse.
  console.log("Created at:", page.created_time)
}
```

### Utility functions

This package also exports a few utility functions that are helpful for dealing with
any of our paginated APIs.

#### `iteratePaginatedAPI(listFn, firstPageArgs)`

This utility turns any paginated API into an async iterator.

**Parameters:**

- `listFn`: Any function on the Notion client that represents a paginated API (i.e. accepts
  `start_cursor`.) Example: `notion.blocks.children.list`.
- `firstPageArgs`: Arguments that should be passed to the API on the first and subsequent calls
  to the API, for example a `block_id`.

**Returns:**

An [async iterator](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Iteration_protocols#the_async_iterator_and_async_iterable_protocols)
over results from the API.

**Example:**

```javascript
for await (const block of iteratePaginatedAPI(notion.blocks.children.list, {
  block_id: parentBlockId,
})) {
  // Do something with block.
}
```

#### `collectPaginatedAPI(listFn, firstPageArgs)`

This utility accepts the same arguments as `iteratePaginatedAPI`, but collects
the results into an in-memory array.

Before using this utility, check that the data you are dealing with is
small enough to fit in memory.

**Parameters:**

- `listFn`: Any function on the Notion client that represents a paginated API (i.e. accepts
  `start_cursor`.) Example: `notion.blocks.children.list`.
- `firstPageArgs`: Arguments that should be passed to the API on the first and subsequent calls
  to the API, for example a `block_id`.

**Returns:**

An array with results from the API.

**Example:**

```javascript
const blocks = await collectPaginatedAPI(notion.blocks.children.list, {
  block_id: parentBlockId,
})
// Do something with blocks.
```

### Custom requests

To make requests directly to a Notion API endpoint instead of using the pre-built families of methods, call the `request()` method. For example:

```ts
// POST /v1/comments
const response = await notion.request({
  path: "comments",
  method: "post",
  body: {
    parent: { page_id: "5c6a28216bb14a7eb6e1c50111515c3d" },
    rich_text: [{ text: { content: "Hello, world!" } }],
  },
  // No `query` params in this example, only `body`.
})

console.log(JSON.stringify(response, null, 2))
```

The `notion.request<ResponseBody>({...})` method is generic; `ResponseBody` represents the expected type of response object Notion returns for the endpoint you're calling (we don't validate this at runtime; you can pass anything!)

> [!TIP]
> Usually, making custom requests with `notion.request()` isn't necessary, but can be helpful in some cases, e.g. when upgrading your [Notion API version](https://developers.notion.com/reference/versioning) incrementally before upgrading your SDK version. For example, if there's a new or renamed endpoint in the new API version that isn't yet available to call via a dedicated method on `Client`.
>
> In the above example, the simpler approach is to use `await notion.comments.create()`.

Another customization you can make is to pass your own `fetch` function to the `Client` constructor. This might be helpful for some execution environments where the default, built-in `fetch` isn't suitable.

## Examples

For sample code and example projects, see [notion-cookbook](https://github.com/makenotion/notion-cookbook/tree/main/examples).

## Requirements and compatibility

This package supports the following minimum versions:

- Runtime: `node >= 18`
- Type definitions (optional): `typescript >= 5.9`

Earlier versions may still work, but we encourage people building new applications to upgrade to the current stable.

In some cases, due to backwards-incompatible changes across [Notion API versions](https://developers.notion.com/reference/versioning), more recent versions of this SDK don't work well with older API versions:

| Version of JS/TS SDK | Minimum recommended API version |
| -------------------- | ------------------------------- |
| v4.0.0 and above     | 2022-06-28                      |
| v5.0.0 and above     | 2025-09-03                      |

In these cases, we recommend upgrading your Notion API version header using the `Client()` constructor across all of your requests before upgrading to a newer version of the SDK.

## Getting help

If you want to submit a feature request for Notion's API, or are experiencing any issues with the API platform, please email us at `developers@makenotion.com`.

To report issues with the SDK, it is possible to [submit an issue](https://github.com/makenotion/notion-sdk-js/issues) to this repo. However, we don't monitor these issues very closely. We recommend you reach out to us at `developers@makenotion.com` instead.
